Add initial support for controlling selection interpolation scheme (#54)
xpublish-community/xpublish-edr: README.md

```

## OGC EDR Spec Compliance

> This package attempts to follow [the spec](https://docs.ogc.org/is/19-086r6/19-086r6.html) as closely as possible, adding functionality where the value is demonstrable. Below are the implementations and a listing of spec compliance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package attempts to follow [the spec](https://docs.ogc.org/is/19-086r6/19-086r6.html) where reasonable, adding functionality where the value is demonstrable. Below are the implementations and a listing of spec compliance:
```

We'll want to add a note that instead of hosting data at `/collections/{dataset_id}/{query_type}` we're using `/datasets/{dataset_id}/edr/{query_type}` since that isn't as close as possible, but fits in Xpublish's default structure.

| Query  | Compliant | Comments
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| `coords`  | ✅ | |
| `z`  | ✅ | |
| `datetime`  | ✅ | |
| `parameter-name`  | ✅   | |
| `crs`  | ❌ | Not currently supported, all coordinates should be in the reference system of the queried dataset |
| `parameter-name`  | ✅ | |
| `f`  | ✅ | |
| `method`  | ➕ | Optional: controls data selection. Use "nearest" for nearest neighbor selection, or "linear" for interpolated selection. Uses `nearest` if not specified |

> Any additional query parameters are assumed to be additional selections to make on the dimensions/coordinates. These queries will use the specified selections `method`.

[8.2.3 Area query](https://docs.ogc.org/is/19-086r6/19-086r6.html#_c92d1888-dc80-454f-8452-e2f070b90dcd)

| Query  | Compliant | Comments
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| `coords`  | ✅ | Only `POLYGON` supported currently |
| `z`  | ✅   | |
| `datetime`  | ✅ | |
| `parameter-name`  | ✅   | |
| `crs`  | ❌ | Not currently supported, all coordinates should be in the reference system of the queried dataset |
| `parameter-name`  | ✅   | |

> | `f`  | ✅   | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `f`  | ✅   | |
| `method`  | ➕ | Optional: controls data selection. Use "nearest" for nearest neighbor selection, or "linear" for interpolated selection. Uses `nearest` if not specified |
```

Should this specify the method here as well?

Author: No interpolation is done for area queries

Reviewer: If I'm reading things right, it will still interpolate across T and Z?

Author: Ahhhh great catch **facepalm**. Ill write that up
